Starwars - Tuesday, February 15, 2000, 10:46 PM
-----------------------------------------------

Dauthus grumbles, sliding his arm around Jasmine's back. He calls out to the Quarren officer he was chatting with prior to the doctor's arrival. "Sergeant, get over here and help me walk the Lieutenant to the medical wing...I don't want anyone to carry her because I'm not sure what effect it would have on her...already odd behavior."

Kelvis walks over to join the Sullstan, "Sure thing, Commodore." He slips his arm around Jasmine, and starts to help guide her to the Med bay, he chuckles a bit, "So much for the running pool." He says sceptically.

Ship Services -- NRSC Deliverance

        Here, in what can roughly be considered the center of the ship, a
long deck greets your eyes. This is the Deliverance's Ship Services deck,
where the crewmembers live their daily lives. Along either side of the
deck, signs denote the various billeting and mess areas, as well as a few
recreational areas. Additionally, a wide ramp drops down from here, with a
sign above it denoting the presence of medical services.
        Several counters can be found towards the aft end of the deck,
where small purchase shops are available. A ramp opposite the medical
leads up towards some more mess facilities.
 
               -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Virtual Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> NR ID Updater 
                 -=-=-=-=-=-=<<Real Objects>>=-=-=-=-=-=-
=> Howie
=> Dauthus
=> Kelvis
=> Jasmine
=> NR Pay Machine
=> IGNews Terminal (NR) - Deliverance
                  -=-=-=-=-=<<Visible exits>>=-=-=-=-=-
 <U>p leads to Officer Mess -- NRSC Deliverance.
 <D>own leads to MedSuite -- NRSC Deliverance.
 <F>orward leads to VIP/Guest Quarters -- NRSC Deliverance.
 <S>tarboard leads to Senior Officer's Quarters -- NRSC Deliverance.
 <P>ort leads to Junior Officer's Quarters -- NRSC Deliverance.
 <A>ft leads to Interdeck Lift -- NRSC Deliverance.

Almost too casually, Bazil steps out away from the junior officer quarters, trussed in his flightsuit, a small astrogation droid tailing him a bit too closely. He holds a small datapad in his left palm, reviewing over something or another.

Jasmine slowly gains consciousness, and her eyes open completely. She looks ahead at the room, and blinks. "What am I doing here?" she protests. She looks down, and squeaks, turning a bright shade of red, "And what am I doing in my nightgown?!" She then realises that she is being escorted, and looks at Dauthus and Kelvis confusedly, "What is going on? Where are you taking me?" She seems a bit upset at waking up in the middle of the services deck.

The Commodore seems a bit surprised by Jasmine's sudden consciousness, quicking turning his head toward her. "Jasmine, you're awake! You were sleepwalking again...similar symptoms to last night incident. This isn't just a coincidence. Your eyes have this strange color to them when you walk, and it seems you're running a fever. I'm sorry, Jasmine, but this time you have to be examined." Sighing, he adds, "That's not an order, but if you don't go, I won't hesitate to make it an order."

Kelvis turns and looks at Jas, and say, "Yeah, what he said." he smiles. "If it's happened more then once, you should get checked out." he frowns.

Bazil just simply stops in his tracks, staring oddly at the scene. A pair of creatures with a woman in her night clothes. Definately not a normal occurance. His droid bumps into his leg, and Bazil curses lightly, before walking forward again.

The Quarren stands around the galactic average for height. His turquoise eyes rest in his leathery grey head, but what draws the attention is the four tentacles attached to the front of his head. Currently, he is wearing a loose fitting white shirt, and matching pants, made of some sort of light material. They look like they quite possibly could be night clothes, but it's hard to be sure. On his feet are a pair of slippers, but whats interesting, is that fact that they are pink, fuzzy, and look like little rabbits.

Jasmine looks around, sitll looking very confused, and her face is still a rather rosy shade of red. It really is way too weird for her, last remembering being in bed. "I am fine, just a case of sleepwalking. It is common for people under stress, and with all the battles that have been going on it is no wonder I am sleepwalking. I can give myself a good hypo of sleep enducers to take care of it. There really is no need to bother the nurses with something so trivial." Perhaps her medical talk can get her out of this one.

Kelvis frowns, and says, "You know as well as I do that drugging a symptom is no cure, Jamine." he's never been good with using appropriate Military titles, "So no go. It might be trivial, but you're more important then the time they spend washing the walls because they are bored." He looks very serious.

Dauthus stops dead in his walking. He responds in a manner that seems as if he is almost snapping at her. "All right, Lieutenant...I want you to enter the MedSuite, go to your office and take a good look at your eyes in the mirror. Something is very wrong." He pauses before saying, in a more diplomatic tone, "Please, don't make this any harder than it should be. I'm just asking you to do what you would have any other officer on this ship do in your situation."

Jasmine starts as Dauthus' tone becomes more authorative, somethign she does not hear. She looks at him, giving him her full attention. "My eyes change color all the time though, that is nothing odd." Not purple mind you, purple is defiantely not natural. She hasn't been told their current color, so she has no idea what it is. "I do not feel sick or anything, and I can usualy tell when I am." She rarely cares for herself even if she is sick, she would much rather do her work. "If it will make you feel any better, I can go to my room and have a look at my eyes and see if their is anything wrong, but I really do not see the point in bothering those overworked nurses."

Kelvis sighs, and shakes his head, looking at Dauthus, but saying to Jasmine, "Purple eyes are not normal. And think of how much more overworked those nurses will be if you end up flat on your back for several weeks because you are so sick, and you didn't treat it at the onset?"

Dauthus considers for a moment, blinking his large eyes slowly a couple times in the process. "OK." he nods his head to Kevlis, instructing him to turn around to escort Jasmine to her room instead. "I'm asking you to be responsible, though, and go to the Medical Wing immediately if you think something is wrong. What the Sergeant says has more than a slight degree of truth to it..." He begins walking the doctor back to her room. "So, for now, you can return to your quarters. Security will be in the area, though, and should another incident arise, they will have orders to escort you to the MedBay by any means necessary...understood?" he looks straight at Jasmine's eyes with a most serious expression.

Jasmine furrows hr brows at Kelvis' mention of purple. "Purple? Since when did my eyes did they start doing that." She turns back as Dauthus addresses her, and he seems rather serious. She nods in response, "Yes sir." Her tone sounds like a child that was just grounded, which is a good way to describe her. "I doubt it is anything serious, just stress. I will be just fine, but will watch myself as you ask." She shuffles her slippered feet slightly on the flooring, noting that she has never worn her slippers outside her room, and they don't seem to provide much traction.

Dauthus simply nods, continuing to walk with Jasmine. "All right. Take care of yourself, doctor."

Kelvis offers Jas his arm, though this time, they look more like they belong together, but not in PUBLIC together. "Here...." He smiles lightly.

Jasmine nods to Dauthus, but not saying a response to it in general. "I just need some sleep, that is all. I will be fine tomorrow." She places her hand on Kelvis' arm and allows him to lead her to her room. Perhaps she should have a look at these purple eyes they keep talking about. Seems kinda silly though, her eyes are only green or blue. Maybe the light makes it look purple? "Good night, sir."

Kelvis smiles a bit at Jas, "I really think you should take this more seriously." He keeps up at her pace, "I could run some tests if you want. I had to take the tests in college in order to get my degree. It wouldn't overwork your staff then." he looks at her, concern mirrored in his eyess.

Jasmine smiles back at Kelvis, her eyes slowly turning back to a brighter green color as she walks back to her room. "Do not worry about it, Kelvis. I am fine. Just a little stress is all. I just need some sleep and I will be fine." She shuffles along slowly, her slippers not giving much traction and going too fast would cause her to fall.

Kelvis frowns, and says, "Oh, there there the go." he shakes his head, "Your eyes are changing color again....." he continues escorting her, "Not that they don't look good purple, but well, it's not right....and they look like they are returning to normal." he shakes his head, "Gah....something's not right."

Jasmine cocks her head at Kelvis, "They are? Hmm, I do not feel any different or anything. Weird, I guess my eyes just have a mind fo their own." She giggles, almost slipping though as she does, but uses Kelvis to steady her. "There is no telling. People thought my eyes changing from blue to green and back was weird. I guess it is just another weird thing to add."

Kelvis frowns at Jasmine, "Blue to green, that's moods." he shakes his head, "Purple, isn't natural, not for humans." He shouldn't talk, as he's seen several beings with purple eyes, but not humans. "If this happens again..." he snorts, "Well, the Commodore already covered this."

Jasmine smirks, "I know what he said, and I will have myself checked out if I feel sick. I have yet to feel sick or even a little funny. A little eye color changing is nothing major, and neither is sleepwalking. I did it a lot as a child." They reach the senior wing, and she looks inside. "It is probably good to get in bed soon, I don't need anyone else seeing me in this."

Kelvis smiles, "I'll have the security logs for tonight erased, so that no unotherized viewings take place." He stops at the door, "Do you need me to go further?"

Jasmine smiles, "Thanks, and no I think I can make it from here. These silly slippers are not really made for walking around out here. I would hate to see me if I can to run in these." She yawns slightly and stretches.
