Bazil meanders near the Intrepid, watching as a pair of technicians step out of the hold. They utter a few words to him, as Bazil nods in agreement. The two techs then walk off. Bazil turns, looking around the bay...

Lianna looks at the Wookiee as he approaches her, and she nods, politely. "I still don'T understand half of what you say, but I take this was a greeting?", she queries.

Geroam nods, and motions towards the intrepid. and says, "We are going to Corellia?", in Wookiee.

Lianna ohs, and shrugs. "If I am going to Correllia? Well, I don't know...", she says, blinking at the shuttle. "I hadn't had plans to go, why?".

Geroam shrugs. and says, "The races. We were given permission to go for a short break from the repaits.", in Wookiee.

Lianna blinks, trying to figure out what the growling was about. "Permission?", she wonders, and then lights up slightly. "Oh, no worry. I am neither on shift nor on call. I can take a few days off.", she reassures the Officer.

Geroam smiles, and nods, patting Lianna on the back. and says, "You worked hard. Can you fly?", in Wookiee.

Lianna smiles slihtly at the compliment. "Well, too hard if you ask some people.", she says, but then shrugs. "So, who is flying?".

Geroam shrugs, and looks around for someone in a flyboy costume.

Bazil continues to stand near the Intrepid, trussed in his civvies. He looks to be waiting on someone or something.

Lianna blinks as Geroam starts looking around, then shakes her head. "No, I meant, who else is going there...".

Geroam shrugs again, then spots Bazil, and roars to him, waving him over. and says, "I am not sure.", in Wookiee.

Bazil blinks for a moment, at the noise, then, seeing Geroam's gestures, frowns for a moment, before stepping off lightly to meet him.

Lianna looks at the pilot as he arrives, then at Geraom breifly, "I belive Geroam here was going to ask you if you are heading towards Correllia, by accident.".

A simple blink is the first response from Bazil, as he nods, "Yeah... actually I am. I was just waiting on my sluggish rust-bucket of a droid to get here." He looks between the two, "You guys need a ride?"
Meanwhile, the thusly-mentioned rust-bucket has been traversing through the landing bay, dodging it's way through the various foot, droid, and vehicle traffic. Uttering several beeps, blips, and bloops, it makes notice of Bazil, and changes it's own course to him. Upon getting to him, it beeps a greeting to the three.

Lianna nods. "Yes, we would appreachiate it.", she says, nodding at the pilot. "You can arrange that?".

"Yeah," he replies, offering up a small small, "I'll just take you guys along with me, when I leave." At the arrival of ye olde rust bucket, Bazil acknowledges it with a simple pat on top of it, and then utters again, "So, when you guys need to leave?"
The droid, meanwhile, beeps shortly at Bazil's pat, turns abruptly, and heads up into the Intrepid.

Lianna shrugs, "Oh, I am ready.", she says, and it's true, as she is for once in this hangar without carrying a jumpsuit.

Bazil nods momentarily, "Ok, then. Shall we?" He motions to the ship, and goes forth himself.

Lianna nods, "Sure.", she says, and begins walking after the pilot.

















