Arands slides out of the corner booth, an empty glass in one hand. He mutters something back to the other two Archer Squadron pilots with a laugh, then makes his way towards the bar.

Stepping just inside the spacious tavern, a figure dressed in dusty green glances about slowly, before beginning to pace toward the bar itself. A subtle smile is planted on his face, as he looks over some of the furnishings, nodding his head to himself as his gaze runs over the establishment's features.  <Quirn>

Nurse Gwen walks into the bar, looks around, then walks towards the bar. She decides to order a drink since she is here, and turns around to scan the crowd. Not seeing anything of interest, she turns back as her drink arrives and takes a sip.

The singular door of the bar opens inward, the fading dim light flashing into the room like a dull knife. A few moments pass before a being crosses the threshhold. Bazil, in his jumpsuit, walks through, looking about the bar almost boredly. He frowns to himself, eyes passing across the various persons throughout the area. He finally lets the door close behind him, and he walks inside further. He steps slowly towards the bar, a none-too-excited look on his face.

The normally quiet bar is just starting to come to life as the recent arrivals find their way inside. Not far behind them, several smaller groups of New Republic military personnel begin entering and the once quiet bar begins to thrum with noise.

Arands looks away from the bartender after ordering, turning his body to face the doorway. 'Well hell," he thinks, "so much for a quiet night.' Aloud he begins greeting some of the officers and crewman of the Deliverance as they approach the bar. His careful glance does not miss the unknown person, nor does he miss the flightsuit being worn. His left eyebrow arches slightly as he gives the red-headed man a quick once-over glance.

Quirn casts his eyes toward a nearby man, offering a faint smile toward him, before starting toward the bar. His eyes fall back to look over the man once again, and he pauses in his motion.. The emerald green becomes more visible as his eyes open wider, and he nods toward Arands.

Nurse Gwen sighs and drinks her drink. Without a ship to work on she feels out of place. And without the CMO, she doesn't know who to listen. She feels useless in a way, and out of place even here in this bar where the real heroes of the battle are. No matter, drink and relax she tells herself.

Bazil's course takes him past Arands, to whom he nods a greeting, and utters 'Commander' as he walks past. Upon reaching the bar, he takes a seat next to the nurse, quickly taking in an order for some bland alcoholic drink. He swabs it up in his hand, and turns in the seat, taking a position to look around the bar a bit more.

Arands drops a chit onto the bar and catches Bazil's nod as he passes by. "Lieutenant," he answers the greeting simply. Arands takes note of the stranger's return once-over and his curiousity is piqued. Setting his drink onto the bar, he leans against it, facing the red-headed stranger. "You fly snubfighters.." It's clearly not a question but his pause indicates he's betting on a response.

Quirn's head quickly darts toward the source of the latest voice.. the one that said Commander, and then turns quickly back to Arands, smiling.. "Hoping to, at least.. uh.. Commander." He thumbs slightly toward Bazil, "He told me I should try here, wait for someone to tell the right people 'bout that."

Nurse Gwen notes the sudden increase in people and noise, and figures that this was probably the worst time to come in for a drink. 'Great, flyboys. Just want I need.' she thinks to herself as she sips more of her drink. 'Like my day hasn't already been going bad.'

Bazil's face glances over to Quirn's somewhat-familiar voice. He pauses for a moment in reccolection, before he finally realizes the speaker. He half-shrugs it off, though his mood improves in the slightest. He turns towards the woman seated next to him, and bobs his head for a moment, "'Evening."

Following Quirn's nods towards Bazil, a small grin appears on Arands' face, but it lilts into a smirk. "Well, I'm guessing he meant me, most likely." Arands offers his right hand, "Josh Arands.."

A gentle smile continues to creep onto the lips of this stranger, and he too, extends his own hand to shake the other firmly.. "Irascius Quirn.. I suppose he would have meant you.. also." he nods his head somewhat, and smiles further..

Nurse Gwen grumbles, 'Great, they don't take long.' but smiles, "Evening." she says, not offering anything more but a smile. She sips her drink again and glances around for a bit.

He didn't expect much more. Bazil looks about the bar a bit more, noticing anyone -- if any -- he knows, or recognizes. Besides Arands and... that other guy he met, of course.

Arands inclines his head towards the bar. "You look as if you've flown a bit.. I can't do everything for you, but knowing who you are might make it easier to get you into the service." He follows his own lead and slides onto a barstool. "How long you been flying?" His open ended question leaves the floor open in case the stranger is talkative.

"All depends if you're counting flight hours themsef, or adding time in the sims to that as well. If you are, I'd put it at about six years.. Don't know what kinda times you're hoping for, though.." Quirn shrugs slightly, glancing at some of the nearby pilots.. "I.. Well, apart from that, its only been three and a half. "

Nurse Gwen smirks, 'My, they don't crash gracefully do they?' she giggles to herself, sipping more of her drink and looking around, including looking at the nearby flyboy. "What squad are you in, flyboy?" she asks teasingly.

A mental snort. Bazil turns his head, grinning, "That's Flyboy McKenzie. I'm in Ghost." He replies, then adds in, "The /only/ good squadron, if I do say so myself..." He thinks to himself for a moment, with a small chuckle.

Kierv catches a nice cocky comment to intrude upon, isn't he just special. "Only good one? Only? I'm rather partial to Blue myself ..." he merely puts as he walks in. "They're spiffy."

Arands nods simply for a moment, then retreives his drink. "So you've had combat experience then.. what'd you fly?" Despite the twenty questions appearance, Arands seems to be sizing up the civilian in more ways than the answers he's giving. Some of the nearby pilots develop smirks as they realize their CO has probably had one too many tonight. Unusual for him, and always amusing.

He blushes a little, the smile a little fainter.. "Actually, they were just the uh.. one of the Toscan 8-Q's? We didn't have all that much on my uncle's starbase, too worried bout profits to buy anythign decent.. Still, he kept putting me in sims on the Starchasers.. " he shrugs slightly, "Wouldn't say it was combat.. more escort.. Occassionally chase off a pirate or two."

Nurse Gwen seems amused now at the flyboy talk, or maybe it's the drink? No telling. Regardless she doesn't seem so cold hearted. "Ah, I hear good things about all of your squadrons. What have you guys been up to?"

Bazil grins a bit, and bickers, "Just protecting everyone's asses, mostly. Or trying." He offers a small joking smirk, in lieu of the situation.

"That is a bit archaic," Arands agrees, pulling a bit from his brandy. He lifts his glass in salute, "We have shuttles returning personnel to Home One all night. Catch a ride up and we'll do the admin work.. if you think you still want to fly for us after they bore you to tears with regulations and protocols, meet me on the flight deck tomorrow at 1630 hours." Arands turns to some of the gathered pilots and grins, lifting an eyebrow, "and quit smirking.. this is only my second glass.."

"Yeah.. tell me about it.. My uncle called it 'refined'.. " Quirn shrugs his shoulders, and then gives Arands another nod. "Thanks. I guess I'll see about getting up there sooner rather than later. If its anything like the padwork I'm used to... "

Arands offers his hand once more to Quirn. "You survive the mundane stuff, we'll set you in a simulator.. see if you're any good .." He rises from the bar, then stops and turns to Quirn once more. "Don't forget to have all your identity paperwork ready... NRI has a habit of asking alot of questions from new recruits.."

Nurse Gwen smirks at Bazil, his pilot talk seems to amuse her as well. Oddly everything seems to be amusing her, and she eyes her drink questioningly. "Well, at least you are alive, that has to say something."

Bazil nods solemly, before grinning, "Yeah, I guess so." He stands, yawning slightly, "I must take my leave... got a long day tomorrow." With that simple excuse, if not a little light, he leaves the bar.

Nurse Gwen hmms and nods, "Evening then, fly boy." She says before sipping again. She glances around at the bar in general.