Starwars - Sunday, October 31, 1999, 12:15 PM
---------------------------------------------

The Interdeck Lift -- NRSC Deliverance arrives and the doors open.
Kelvis steps out of the lift.

Kelvis wanders in, heading for the pay machine. Once again fiddling with some piece of equipment. He sets it down as reaches the machine, and presses the little touch pad.
NR Pay Machine gives Kelvis some Galactic Standard Credits.

Bazil loiters near the IGNews terminal, his eyes glancing over a small article upon the screen. He yawns momentarily to himself, before closing down the article, and turning.

Kelvis takes his money, depositing it into a pocket, before picking up what he put down. He turns, and looks around, and nods to Bazil. "Always nice to get paid...." he mumbles, and heads for the caf dispensor a little bit away.

A grin falls over Bazil's face for a moment, before he nods, "I suppose so, even if it's so little."

Kelvis frowns at the caf dispensor, as his hands are full with his current pet project. He turns waving down another tech, "Take this down to the Repair bay, I'll finish it later." He turns, not giving the tech a chance to say anything, before grabbing his cup of caf, sipping it with a sigh, and heading for a couch.

The alien that stands before you, is a light grey in color. His eyes are a brilliant turquoise, which stick out against the dull background of his leathery skin. His head tapers down to what look roughly like fins on either side, but what really catches attention, are the four tentacles that hang down in front of his mouth. His height is unnoteworthy, being around the galactic average. His body is covered in a dark grey jumpsuit, with many pockets, and straps for tools. The fingers of his hands end in suction-cups, and his feet are covered by black boots.

Bazil rolls his shoulders, stretching slightly. He reaches a hand down to his side, lifting a small black pack from the floor, and heaving it around his shoulder. His eyes glance around the room, a small frown lapping over his features, and he starts towards a free space on one of the walls. His other arm, that which is not holding the pack over a solitary shoulder, propels his hand down into a pocket of his quite ordinary flight suit, pulling a small pad from it. Upon reaching the seat, he flips the pack off his shoulder, letting it bounce gently to the floor, and heaps himself upon the mass of cusions.

Kelvis glances over at Bazil, who happens a little ways from him, "Anything new in the news?" He sips his caf again, relaxing a little even in the hectic ship services area.

A shrug, is the response. "Nothing much, just the typical government paranoias, and the like." Bazil utters, his face then looking up to acknowledge Kelvis momentarily.

Kelvis nods, "I think I'm glad I'm not in politics. It seems that you have to worry about everything, and a few things besides." He catches sight of Bazils name badge, "A pilot, huh?"

"Yep," Bazil replies, "That I am. A bored one at times, but a pilot none the less."

Kelvis gazes at the pilot, "Hmmmm, which squadron you with?" He once again sips his caf, and nods to a passing female tech.

A grin passes over his face, "Ghost, of course. The /only/ good squadron." Bazil smirks slightly, showing a bit of humour.

Kelvis chuckles, "And I'm sure I'd get the same from Rogue, and Archer." He nods a bit, "Those are X-wings, right? Beautiful fighters, a pure joy to get my hands into."

Bazil nods, "Yeah. X's. A bit antiquated now-a-days, but still a beauty to fly."

Kelvis finishes his caf, and stands, "It's been nice talking to you, but I need some sleep before my next shift."

Bazil nods momentarily, "G'd ev'ning, then." He then turns his attention back to the pad in his hands.
