Intelligence Section -- NRSD Chancellor

	New Republic Intelligence has established mobile operations centers aboard all 
lead ships in every fleet and this large complex is the Headquarters of those NRI centers. 
The complex is more than thirty meters across and nearly sixty meters in length. The 
ship's primary computer feeds endless amounts of information to the intelligence agents 
and technicians staffing the fifty-plus terminals in the aft half of this complex.
	Forward of the turbolift is a sunken amphitheater. It has a large holoprojector unit 
in the center of this sunken area, capable of rendering detailed information in three-
dimensions above it. To starboard, a corridor leads to the quarters area for those assigned 
to the complex. Ten armed New Republic Marines are on duty at any time here, stationed 
near entrances to this section and the aft turbolift. The carpetting here is much like the 
rest of the ship, dark blue with gold striping along the walls and light gray walls with 
gold and blue pinstriping.
                                  GREEN ALERT                                  

Pallando's Description:
I need to get this. He was in earth-tone civilian garb.

Sargent's Description
	This person's human frame is skinny and compact. The body has a vertical extent 
of no more than 1.5 meters and can't weigh more than 80-90 pounds. At first glance, the 
mop of short curly brown hair and pubescent build suggest a boy in his mid teens. The 
hair has gold highlights wherever it can catch the light. But beneath narrow eyebrows are 
expressive deep brown eyes that betray this person as a female in her very early 20's. 
They are slightly sunken and communicate a nearly constant state of raw weariness. 
There is a thin vertical scar on her right forehead.
	She is dressed in hospital patient garb that is all in the same creamy color. On top 
is a loose fitting long-sleeve tunic with buttons down both the front and back. Long 
pajama-bottom type pants are worn underneath. The fabric is light, soft, and comfortable.

- The Log -
Inside the thickly-walled durasteel strongbox of a room, Sargent is alone except for the 4 
guards that are nearly always present here. Today, she is only hooked up to two 
intraveinous tubes, one in each hand, and the blood chemistry monitor hooked up to an 
artery in her right thigh. The tubes disappear modestly under a thin sheet and blanket. She 
lies on the bed awake, looking blankly up at the ceiling, and looking very tired.

After having received permission both from the director of NRI and from Sargent herself 
per the Director's instructions. Ernie Pallando is admitted to the secure deck 15 and after 
handing over his knife and concealed dagger, is further admitted to the NRI portion of the 
deck and into Sargent's room. His eyes brighten in spite of his detesting such sterile 
facilities and he holds a candle, retrieved from Sargent's meager possessions aboard the 
Forager Microcruiser that brought them to Corellia, "Eva, you awake?" He asks timidly 
having been given little real information as to her status. Timidly he makes further steps 
toward the table where she resides.

Sargent's eyes shift slightly at the familiar voice. Just a slight opening of the eyelids to let 
a little bit of hope in. The rest of her face is still. Not stony with displeasure, but like the 
burl on an old tree that has twisted and grown in on itself over centuries. But sheer 
fatigue prevents the burl from having a tense feeling. Then her eyes shift to try to look at 
the source of the voice. Could it really be Ernie? Did he really come all this way? She 
can't see him yet, so she raises her heavy head by an inch, as high as it can get. The burl 
untangles, relaxing a bit as she recognizes him. "Commodore..." Her voice breaks. "I am 
sorry for the loss of your speeder and driver." She can't hold her head up any more, and 
lets it drop.

Pallando moves with an easy gentle grace to her side setting the candle down upon on of 
the machines monitoring her. He shakes his head as if mildly amused by her first choice 
of topic, "That's quite al right Eva, Water long under the bridge. It is I that must 
apologize to you for misthinking and allowing your return so casually to Corellia." He 
gazes down to her with such relief that she lives and at least sounds semi Sargentian even 
if her mind seems to gloss over some details such as his promotion and excusion of duty.


His relief is so encouraging that Sargent does not want to cloud it with her own 
uncertainty of the past few days. She swallows to try to clear her throat and make her 
speech more understandable. "I don't think you would have done anything risky if you 
had known what was going to happen. It is not your fault." Though her voice is soft, it is 
full of sincerity.

Pallando fiddles nervously with his hands and looks to her own that are pipelined to keep 
her nourished and medicated, "I know." He says softly through a tender smile. "They 
treating you ok? I must admit it makes at least me nervous having you treated here by 
Government Intelligence doctors probably more used to injecting truth serums for 
interrogations than anything else." He gives an accusatory brief glance to the guards in 
the room.

The guards in the room pointedly ignore Pallando's accusation to all outward 
appearances, but they file it away, and sharpen their already acute watch over the former 
Representative. As bad as Sargent looks, with chapped lips and pale complexion, she 
won't be going anywhere unless someone carries her out. Something they will prevent at 
all costs. "I think so. Nothing has happened yet." This is the longest conversation she's 
had in a while, and it's hard work. "Is there any way I can get some water?"

Pallando nods an amused affirmative as if of course she could have some. Unable to keep 
himself separated he brushes a lock from her face before moving to a hydrogenated 
oxygen dispenser. A brief search reveals a disposable beaker dispenser. He fills it with 
cold water and two ice cubes for good measure. He turns to return to the bedside bringing 
it to her lips to help her drink or give her the beaker what ever it seems she would prefer. 
"It is very pleasant being able to see you. You've been out for a few days." He makes 
small pleasant talk.

The fingertips are warm against the skin of her face. Why is it so cold in here? Sargent 
closes her eyes, partly to block everything else out except the warmth and partly to 
pretend that she can't see his hand. What she doesn't know about can't hurt her, right? It's 
admittedly one of the more stupid thoughts she's had. When Pallando returns, her 
shoulders shift as if she's going to reach for the cup, but nothing happens. She blinks and 
raises her head to look down the blanket at her arms. They look fine, and aren't restrained 
in any way. Alarmed, she whispers, "I can't move." More directly, she asks Pallando, 
"Why can't I move?" This whole time, she wiggles her shoulders a few more times. Her 
upper arms are the only things that respond.

Pallando takes the water away for now as there seem more immediate concerns than her 
thirst. He peals back her coverings a bit as if plainly looking at her would give him the 
answer, "I don't know Eva, NRI has been polite enough to let me visit you but they've 
been very closed mouthed about your condition." With his free hand he genty squeezes 
her lower arm, "Can you feel that at all?"

Sargent is breathing a little faster as Pallando pulls back the blankets. This is more than 
strange. This is bad. In order to make the test more scientific, she closes her eyes as soon 
as she sees what he's going to try. At least she's thinking a little clearly. She looks for 
telemetry from her arm with her eyes closed, then checks it against what she can see 
when she opens her eyes again. "A little. Some pressure but nothing else. My arm feels 
like it weighs a ton."

A slight growl of frustration emits under Ernie's breath though he slides his hand down 
her forearm to grasp her hand in his, "I know that the NR stunned you in apprehending 
you but I really don't know how you slipped into the coma. I mean I know that NRI 
crashed their star ship into your hospital during the chaos of it all." He squeezes her hand 
firmly, "Eva, can you feel this?" Concern for her immediacy pushing away his anger at 
the NR for what has landed her here now.

Sargent has heard it said that there are times when one wishes they hadn't woken
 up. Until now, she has though of that as cliche, but now she understands. It applies to her 
situation totally. She can't believe what she's hearing. "The New Republic did what?! 
They crashed a ship into a hospital?!" She shakes her head, desperately trying to clear the 
cobwebs so she can concentrate on multiple things at once. "You're touching me. I can 
tell that, but it feels so far away..." Her voice trails off. She can't take all this, not like 
this. Not today. Her eyes closed again, she asks, "What happened?"

Pallando keeps hold of her hand, perhaps if it is such a distant touch it will not trigger her 
molestation recall, "Eva, I don't trust them. Olumi, I'd not trust anyone's Intel department 
even the CDU. McKenzie said you were free to leave. I think we need to get you 
somewhere where we can be certain who your friends are and get some straight answers 
about your health." He looks at her with seriousness on his face as he makes his case.

McKenzie. Director McKenzie of Intel? Oh yes. That's right. The uniforms of the
guards have a very Intel look about them. And then there was the officer who came in to 
ask if she wanted to see Pallando. He was in full Intel garrison get-up. Sargent takes a 
long time to think of what to do. "I don't want to make any rash decisions without 
knowing what happened." With tired eyes, she probes Pallando's face to ascertain his 
level of seriousness. "Would you be more comfortable if I was transferred to sickbay?"

Pallando thinks about how many eggs he has in one basket. That very basket that seemed 
so easily compromised at a petty scale not so many weeks ago, "I don't know Eva." He 
gives her hand another squeeze realizing that if he doesn't have a clear vision how can he 
expect her to. "I don't want to force you into anything but I just don't trust what the NR 
wants to do to you. Weather you are here or a few decks away in sick bay or in a 
Corellian civilian hospital I don't think we've any means of keeping Intel's agenda out of 
your blood stream." He gives an accusatory look to the machines that may well be 
pumping her full of the limb numbing chemicals. "Have you seen Calrissian. I've not and 
that worries me too. I don't think he'd let them do this to you." HE again motions to the 
machine he has assumed is at fault.

Sargent can tell by following his eyes that Pallando does not have high opinions of the 
equipment strapped to her, or of the place itself. But what is he thinking exactly. "No. I 
haven't seen Calrissian. So far, I only remember seeing you and Skywalker. And 
McKenzie. He was here too when I woke up." She eyes Pallando again, and the machine 
that he keeps casting suspicious glances at. She lowers her voice. "You think Intelligence 
has something to do with my condition? As if they might be trying to keep me here?"

Pallando expels a breath not wanting to create additional chaos from whole cloth, "The 
thought has crossed my mind. I don't know Eva, its all so oddly twisted..." Another 
squeeze to her hand as if she were the one comforting him now. "I mean if they seriously 
wanted something why give me any access at all, why tell me you are free to leave if you 
choose, but then why also stun and apprehend you, why keep your medical treatments so 
cloaked in mystery from me. I don't want to wrongly accuse anyone Eva but neither do I 
want to risk your well being amongst those who have proven less than trustworthy and 
have Solus knows what motives."

Sargent doesn't like the direction this is going one bit. She screws up her eyes, clenching 
them as she tries to figure this all out. "All right." She opens her eyes again. "No false 
accusations. Once I know what happened, I will decide what to do next." She looks 
around for the water, looking a little confused and very tired. "Are you sure I was hit with 
a stunner? How do you know?"

Pallando listens with nodding acceptance and settles into a seat at her side still retaining 
her hand in his. He sets the water down for a moment to replace the blanket tucking her 
in, "All right but if you suddenly alter moods, I'll have to suspect foul play." He only half 
teases retrieving the water to feed it to her. "I don't know if you know Ambassador Corso. 
He was transferred to your Caspian embassy after you resigned. He was present when 
you were stunned and in turn informed me. I am sure to make sure it did not become 
some CDU/NR incident." He pays attention to the beaker not wanting to give her too 
much at once.

This whole situation is very awkward. Sargent doesn't like needing to be tucked in, or 
needing to be helped with anything, especially something as simple as getting a drink of 
water. But she bears down and waits it out, praying that her paralysis is not a permanent 
condition. She carefully and delicately manages to take a sip before more strange news is 
delivered. Her eyes dart up from the beaker to Pallando. "I do not know an Ambassador 
Corso. And I did not resign, as far as I am aware. If you are so concerned about half-
untruths and sketchy motives..." she lets that thought slip, regretting it as soon as it comes 
out of her mouth. Who can she trust? "What proof do you have of all this?"

Pallando gives her her fill of the water but when it seems she's had enough he sets the 
disposable beaker aside, "That they stunned and apprehended you? Real proof none. 
McKenzie's version of it seems to match Corso's but I am getting the feeling they like to 
play good guy bad guy to manipulate me." He sighs, "I know they don't trust me so I can't 
really blame them for giving me a certain amount of run around, but it just doesn't all add 
up." He pauses in slight reverie and upon realizing there was more to her question 
continues, "While you were staying with the Olumi Oshan you tendered your resignation. 
It had been months you'd been out of office and could not foresee a time you'd return. 
Even after the real threat moved on you had come here to confirm your resignation in 
person and get on with your life." He explains sensing she has only fogged memory of 
this.

Sargent sighs deeply, letting her head relax back after just one more sip of water. She is 
stunned, the internal kind of stunning. For a long minute, she just lays there, looking 
blankly up at some spot in the air just below the ceiling. "I don't suppose there is much 
chance that trying to get my job back will work if I'm in this condition." There is no 
attempt at humor in her voice at all. It is perfectly flat. She is just being logical. "What 
else happened? The last thing I remember vary clearly is running away from the crash. 
We landed upside down. My head hurt." The words become a steady-rhythmed litany, as 
if her mind disconnects from this time for a few moments.

Pallando's face clouds over as he begins to realize the extent of her memory loss. "Do 
you recall meeting Gander at all? I mean since you've gotten the Tattoo. Or Captain 
Null?" He tries to steel off his own reaction to her seeming to want her job back. "We'll 
take this slow Eva, your crash was some months ago. Its a few weeks after new years 
right now."

As soon as the questions start, Sargent answers each one with a weak shaking of
her head. At the end, she searches around inside her brain for what she /does/ know. "I 
know it was a while ago," she says finally. "Bit I didn't know how long. Everything 
between now and then is like some scrap heap or ruined city. I can tell that something's 
there, it's just that everything has been torn apart so I can't see what it is." Her eyes cloud 
over as she describes the phenomenon, and her expression turns cold, as if ice descends 
to encase her artificial heart. And she doesn't like it. The ice is fear. Again, she can only 
think to ask, trying to keep her composure and not turn too blubbery, "What happened?"

Oh how Ernie hates her ice that he has fought since his first month of knowing her. How 
successful he will feel and proud of her were she to let some more of the glacier melt and 
dissipate under a good blubbering, but as always he is patient leading her one small step 
at a time closer towards the warmth and light, "You remember the accident and probably 
know more about it than me though you've told me the tale before." He stops and realizes 
that they are with in an NRI establishment and that likely every word is being reviewed 
by committee, "Eva, I'll give you a brief summary of what has happened but until we are 
in a more private location I am afraid I can not jeopardize many whom have helped you. 
Do you understand that? I owe you your memories but I cant tell you and you wouldn't 
want me to tell you everything here." He gives the guards another look.

More secrets. There are more secrets that may pass through this place? Of this Sargent 
really has no doubt, but it is also true that she it tiring of worrying about secrets. Moreso 
now than ever. Scrunching her eyelids together to keep some mist inside, she nods.

Pallando gives her hand a squeeze and then lets it go as if giving her something back that 
is owed her, "You ran from the scene of the crash and lived in fear hiding in the streets of 
Plaxton City for days. Your new heart needed your medicines and recharged. You came 
back to the house to try and get them hoping I'd not notice or even be home. I was. We 
quarreled some about your future and compromised that you did in fact need some help. I 
took you to a friend. He offered to help you but you were not ready and left him to take to 
the streets again. Another week or more you lived alone and in fear. I think it was during 
this time you encountered Calrissian and maybe even McKenzie I can never tell with 
him."

Sargent lets her eyes wander while he relays the tale. She alternately stares at that spot 
just below the ceiling, and bothers to look over and focus on Pallando. When he stops for 
breath, she looks at him as a sick child would, who is being told a fantasy story before 
bedtime. Listening, but still not feeling happy enough to believe it.

Pallando pushes his dislike of NR Intel and its director down pushing another stray hair 
from her face as he continues. "More time getting to know Paxton City's street life till 
you finally decided to accept the offer of help in hiding you. Your pursuers were closer 
than you'd thought as in your escape from planet they tried to apprehend you and it was 
under a hail of blaster fire that you departed. With my constituents you stayed, had a 
meager room of your own and a safety though dull existence. I visited you weekly and 
kept you abreast of the news at large and we'd quarrel about your future more. We'd 
recently figured out, or so we thought, that the danger to you had passed and that you 
might emerge from hiding. You wanted to come here to Corellia to back up your 
resignation with an address to the council. You'd no sooner set foot on planet than the NR 
seized you and secreted you off before I could get to you some days later. And here we 
are." He shrugs with his hands on his lap.

The idea of anybody seizing her makes Sargent really uncomfortable. This is not helped 
by the fact that Pallando points a finger at the New Republic. "I... I think there was 
another fight. McKenzie told me there was a fight in on Corellia. His description of one 
of the people there matches the appearance of the man who was chasing us the day of the 
crash. Couldn't it be that the New Republic is only telling the truth?" She swallows, 
trying to keep her thoughts together. "This new Ambassador, Corso, told you that they 
stunned me. Would he have told you that if they were trying to hide something? Maybe 
they are just trying to keep me safe too. The same goal you have." She tries to look 
hopeful.

Pallando listens to her trying to put the pieces together into a pretty picture and smiles his 
wish that he hopes it is in fact that innocent, "It is possible, Eva. Though I have little real 
evidence of what happened to you after you left my ship on Corellia. Details have been 
sketchy to dig up at best. But yes that is possible, though why you are under NRI control 
I still fail to understand. I mean if they really are just trying to protect you and get you 
healthy why are you being held in an interrogation chamber?" He looks about unable to 
avoid the plain hard truth of her current reality.
 
Sargent has the opposite reaction. She shuts her eyes tightly to try to keep that possibility 
out of her mind. Her breathing comes shallow. "I... If... If it was the Director's intention 
to interrogate me, don't you think he would have done so already? He could have woken 
me up at any time, but he didn't. He let me sleep." Either the excitement or the talking is 
proving too much for Sargent. she coughs, loathing the fact that she can't even raise her 
hand to cover her mouth with her hand. Her shoulder moves as if it wants to make that 
motion a reality. When the coughing subsides, she clears her throat and continues on in a 
half-whisper. "If I ask to be transferred out of here, he will agree. You said that he said I 
was free to leave."

Pallando reaches into his tunic's pocket to with draw a handkerchief. He dabs at her 
mouth to clean it and then fetches the beaker again offering to give her more water to 
sooth her throat's irritation, "We, don't know. Neither you nor I what they've done to you 
since you've been here. You could be exhausted know from their grilling and resultant 
chemical doses to cause your memory lapse. Last I saw you you were intact. Now I am 
not saying that is what has occurred and I am not pointing any fingers cause I have 
nothing solid I am basing it on. He did say you were free to leave but with Skywalkers 
and Katanas with access to you telling me you have free will is a shallow promise." He 
takes in a deep breath knowing what would give him peace of mind at least, "You've been 
in care of Caspian Doctors for months now. Come with me to Plaxton City, let them 
check you out and confirm that your systems are clear from outside influence. After that 
if you want to come back to their care I think you could better trust them. Let your 
doctors give you their second opinion at least." He makes the offer.

The guards can't help but hear the conversation, and don't like the way it's turning. One of 
them steps closer to the table. Sargent is already embarrassed enough to be in this 
situation. Totally physically helpless. Not just embarrassed. Scared. What can happen to 
her? What will she do if this is permanent? She winces as Pallando wipes her mouth off. 
He shouldn't need to do that. "Don't do this," she pleads weakly. "The last thing I need 
right now is more doubt. I think Skywalker was trying to help." She glances in the 
direction of the guard, her eyes trying to tell him she has everything under control. He's 
smart. He can see that she is far from having complete control over her situation, but he 
stops his approach anyway, and just stands there, waiting for the next move.

Pallando looks at the guard and to her as if unsure why the guard approaches and what 
precisely it is she wants him to stop. He sets the drink back down blinking in shock at her 
trust in the villainous Skywalker, "You do realize that he is the man that accosted a CDU 
Senator in public with his light sabre and was dating your evil ex boss, Lady Pogula 
Dawntreader." He shivers at the memory of the old special representative. "Look I won't 
do anything you wish me not to. I am just very seriously concerned for your safety and I 
think I have reasonable reason to have such." He accusatorily includes the guard in this as 
if it is lecture for him.

Maybe the mysterious event that landed her in a coma (whatever it was), killed more 
brain cells than Sargent first suspected. All of a sudden, she finds herself feeling like she 
doesn't know anything. A very fine diplomat she would be. Oh yes. She'd probably end 
up flushing whichever government she worked for out the airlock because she didn't 
know which button was the "pressurize" command and which was the "open exterior 
hatch" command. In order to keep some grip on her concept of reality, she stops listening 
for now. "Fine. We'll go back to Caspar and see what kind of opinion my doctors there 
have, if it will make you feel better."

Pallando bites his lip knowing she does it as much to shut him up as for any other reason, 
"I really think it will make us both rest easier knowing with out doubt your condition." 
He says almost apologetically, "I'll also be curious to see if the NRI lives up to its word 
and even allows you to go. That in and of itself will be a litmus test as to their 
motivations." He backs up some sitting back in his chair giving her more personal space 
as reward for her consent.

"That shouldn't be a problem. Just give me a few moments." Sargent glances over
at the guard, moving her head as much as she can in his direction. "Would you please 
inform Director McKenzie that I intend to leave for Caspar as soon as possible? Have the 
medics prepare me and the equipment for transport." She delivers the line as if she's 
assuming it all will happen. The guard pivots, goes to the door, and buzzes the intercom. 
Only with the guard's back turned does a glimpse of Sargent's uncertainty peek through. 
She waits while the guard relays the request through the intercom, not needing to leave 
the room at all. "It shouldn't be long now," she says with a mix of hopefulness and 
confidence.

Pallando smiles knowing it is out of concern for him and his wishes that she acts, "All 
right." he accepts it with out qualifier adding only, "Why don't you rest till we get 
answer?" He leans forward and tucks her more, "I'll stay as long as they let me while you 
rest all right?"

By the time the guard has returned to his post, Sargent has deflated back down from the 
burst of decisions and demands she just made. It took more out of her than she realized a 
few seconds ago. She nods, closing her eyes again. Having her eyes closed is a common 
state today. She's tired. So tired. As Pallando tucks her in more, a shadow passes over her 
brows. It is sadness, the start of mourning the loss of her body. She turns her face away 
from him and is promptly out like a light in spite of her emotions.
